User-friendly agent, broker, and customer portals with intuitive, well-designed interfaces your users will love.
Unlock a 360-degree view of data from all sources, including AMS, core admin, lead management, embedded insurance, and more.
Easily track goals, KPIs, and compliance to help onboard and train new agents quickly.
Enable digital innovation
Accelerate quote, rate, and bind and deliver self-service portals for agents and policyholders.

Reduce time to market - Take new products to market faster with Appian’s low-code design experience.
Drive growth with embedded insurance - Go beyond traditional channels. Easily integrate embedded insurance with legacy systems.
Improve agent lifecycle management - Digitize the onboarding process to train new agents faster and simplify licensing checks.

Agentic AI Development Framework, focused initially on improving developer efficiency and enabling intelligent experiences for underwriters and claims adjusters.
Three ongoing strategic initiatives were also highlighted, including:
Redefining underwriting excellence - Guidewire described the first in a series of capabilities designed to reshape the underwriting process in P&C - transforming risk assessment from a reactive process to a dynamic, intelligence-driven decision engine. They discussed a solution that will apply Agentic AI to automatically extract, enrich, and summarize data from new business submissions to reduce manual data entry while allowing underwriters to make faster and better-informed decisions.
Elevating the claims experience - Guidewire demonstrated how Agentic AI can improve the claims adjuster experience and streamline claims handling. This included an AI-based Adjuster Assistant automatically generating high-level summaries of claim files and attached documents that surface the most relevant, actionable information and provide guidance on next steps.
Integrated pricing and rating vision - Guidewire shared how insurers of the future could unlock the power of an advanced actuarial pricing engine on Guidewire Cloud Platform, making static, one-size-fits-all pricing a thing of the past. To accelerate progress against this vision, Guidewire has signed a definitive agreement to acquire Quantee, a Poland-based insurtech startup specializing in dynamic pricing software.

